A. Elizabeth Jones
A. Wess Mitchell
Arthur A. Hartman
Assistant Secretary of State for Administration
Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Arms Control, Verification, and Compliance
Assistant Secretary of State for Conflict and Stabilization Operations
Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor
Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security
Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources
Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research
Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Security and Nonproliferation
Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration
Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs
Atlantic Ocean
Barack Obama
Bill Clinton
Bureau of Budget and Planning
Bureau of European and Eurasian Affairs
Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations
Canada
Charles Burke Elbrick
Chief of Protocol of the United States
Coordinator for Counterterrorism
Cyprus
Daniel Fried
Department of State
Dereck J. Hogan
Director General of the Foreign Service
Director of Policy Planning
Donald Trump
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Eurasia
Europe
Executive Secretary of the United States Department of State
Foreign Service Institute
Foy D. Kohler
George H. W. Bush
George S. Vest
George W. Bush
George Walbridge Perkins, Jr.
George Walbridge Perkins Jr.
Gerald Ford
Greece
Harry S. Truman
Hoover Commission
Inspector General of the Department of State
James C. O'Brien
James F. Dobbins
James Williams Riddleberger
Jimmy Carter
Joe Biden
John A. Heffern
John C. Kornblum
John F. Kennedy
John M. Leddy
Karen Donfried
Lawrence Eagleburger
Legal Adviser of the Department of State
Livingston T. Merchant
Lyndon B. Johnson
Marc Grossman
Martin J. Hillenbrand
Maureen Cormack
Michael J. Murphy (diplomat)
Office of Foreign Missions
Philip H. Gordon
Philip T. Reeker
President of the United States
Raymond G. H. Seitz
Richard Holbrooke
Richard Nixon
Richard R. Burt
Ronald Reagan
Rozanne L. Ridgway
Stephen A. Oxman
Thomas Niles
Turkey
Under Secretary for Political Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights
Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment
Under Secretary of State for Management
Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs
United States
United States Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues
United States Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues
United States Ambassador-at-Large to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons
United States Assistant Secretary of State
United States Global AIDS Coordinator
United States Secretary of State
Victoria Nuland
Walter C. Dowling
Walter John Stoessel Jr.
William R. Tyler
World War I
World War II
Yuri Kim (ambassador)