Alan Larson
Amy Holman
Anthony M. Solomon
Assistant Secretary of State for Administration
Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Arms Control, Verification, and Compliance
Assistant Secretary of State for Conflict and Stabilization Operations
Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor
Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security
Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources
Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research
Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Security and Nonproliferation
Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration
Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs
Barack Obama
Bill Clinton
Bureau of Budget and Planning
Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs
Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations
Charles Rivkin
Chief of Protocol of the United States
Coordinator for Counterterrorism
Dan Sullivan (U.S. senator)
Daniel Tarullo
Deane R. Hinton
Director General of the Foreign Service
Director of Policy Planning
Donald Trump
Douglas W. McMinn
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Earl Anthony Wayne
Edwin M. Martin
Eugene J. McAllister
Executive Secretary of the United States Department of State
Foreign Service Institute
George H. W. Bush
George W. Bush
Gerald Ford
Gove Griffith Johnson Jr.
Harold F. Linder
Harry S. Truman
Inspector General of the Department of State
Jimmy Carter
Joe Biden
John F. Kennedy
Jose W. Fernandez
Joseph A. Greenwald
Julius Katz
Legal Adviser of the Department of State
Lyndon B. Johnson
Manisha Singh
Office of Foreign Missions
Office of the Historian
Patricia M. Haslach
Peter D. Haas
Philip H. Trezise
President of the United States
Ramin Toloui
Richard Nixon
Richard T. McCormack
Robert Hormats
Ronald Reagan
Samuel C. Waugh
Thomas C. Mann
Thomas O. Enders
Thorsten V. Kalijarvi
Under Secretary for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment
Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights
Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment
Under Secretary of State for Management
Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs
United States Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues
United States Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues
United States Ambassador-at-Large to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons
United States Assistant Secretary of State
United States Department of State
United States Global AIDS Coordinator
United States Secretary of State
Willard Long Thorp
Willard Thorp
Willis Coburn Armstrong