Africa
Algeria
Assistant Secretary of State
Assistant Secretary of State for Administration
Assistant Secretary of State for Arms Control, Verification, and Compliance
Assistant Secretary of State for Conflict and Stabilization Operations
Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor
Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security
Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources
Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research
Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Security and Nonproliferation
Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration
Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs
Barack Obama
Bill Clinton
Bureau of African Affairs
Bureau of Budget and Planning
Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations
Chester Crocker
Chief of Protocol of the United States
Constance Berry Newman
Coordinator for Counterterrorism
David D. Newsom
Director General of the Foreign Service
Director of Policy Planning
Donald B. Easum
Donald Trump
Donald Yamamoto
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Executive Secretary of the United States Department of State
Foreign Service Institute
G. Mennen Williams
George H. W. Bush
George Moose
George W. Bush
Gerald Ford
Herman Jay Cohen
Inspector General of the Department of State
Jendayi Frazer
Jimmy Carter
Joe Biden
John F. Kennedy
Johnnie Carson (diplomat)
Joseph C. Satterthwaite
Joseph Palmer II
Legal Adviser of the Department of State
Linda Thomas-Greenfield
Lyndon B. Johnson
Mary Catherine Phee
Nancy Jo Powell
Nathaniel Davis
Office of Foreign Missions
President of the United States
Richard M. Moose
Richard Nixon
Robert F. Godec
Ronald Reagan
Sub-Saharan Africa
Susan E. Rice
Tibor P. Nagy
Under Secretary for Political Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights
Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment
Under Secretary of State for Management
Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs
Union of South Africa
United States Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues
United States Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues
United States Ambassador-at-Large to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons
United States Assistant Secretary of State
United States Department of State
United States Global AIDS Coordinator
United States Secretary of State
Walter H. Kansteiner, III
William E. Schaufele, Jr.