Arthur W. Hummel, Jr.
Assistant Secretary of State for Administration
Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Arms Control, Verification, and Compliance
Assistant Secretary of State for Conflict and Stabilization Operations
Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor
Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security
Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources
Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Intelligence and Research
Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Security and Nonproliferation
Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration
Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs
Barack Obama
Bill Clinton
Bureau of Budget and Planning
Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs
Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations
Chief of Protocol of the United States
Christopher R. Hill
Coordinator for Counterterrorism
Daniel Kritenbrink
Daniel R. Russel
David Stilwell
Dean Rusk
Department of State
Director General of the Foreign Service
Director of Policy Planning
Donald Trump
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Evans J.R. Revere
Executive Secretary of the United States Department of State
Foreign Service Institute
G. McMurtrie Godley
Gaston J. Sigur, Jr.
George H. W. Bush
George W. Bush
Gerald Ford
Harry S. Truman
Inspector General of the Department of State
J. Graham Parsons
James A. Kelly
Jimmy Carter
Joe Biden
John F. Kennedy
John H. Holdridge
John Moore Allison
Kin W. Moy
Kurt M. Campbell
Legal Adviser of the Department of State
Lyndon B. Johnson
Marshall Green
Office of Foreign Missions
Paul Wolfowitz
Philip Habib
President of the United States
Richard Armitage (politician)
Richard H. Solomon
Richard Holbrooke
Richard Nixon
Robert S. Ingersoll
Roger Hilsman
Ronald Reagan
Stanley O. Roth
Sung Kim
Susan Thornton
U.S. Department of State
U. S. Department of State
Under Secretary for Political Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights
Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment
Under Secretary of State for Management
Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs
United States
United States Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues
United States Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues
United States Ambassador-at-Large to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons
United States Assistant Secretary of State
United States Congress
United States Global AIDS Coordinator
United States Secretary of State
W. Averell Harriman
W. Patrick Murphy
Walter P. McConaughy
Walter S. Robertson
William Bundy
William Clark, Jr. (ambassador)
William Walton Butterworth
Winston Lord