Assistant Secretary of State for Administration
Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Arms Control, Verification, and Compliance
Assistant Secretary of State for Conflict and Stabilization Operations
Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor
Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security
Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Educational and Cultural Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources
Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Narcotics and Law Enforcement Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Organization Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for International Security and Nonproliferation
Assistant Secretary of State for Legislative Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Near Eastern Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Political-Military Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Population, Refugees, and Migration
Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for South and Central Asian Affairs
Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs
Barack Obama
Bill Clinton
Brett M. Holmgren
Bureau of Budget and Planning
Bureau of Intelligence and Research
Bureau of Overseas Buildings Operations
Carl W. Ford Jr.
Chief of Protocol of the United States
Coordinator for Counterterrorism
Daniel Bennett Smith
Director General of the Foreign Service
Director of Policy Planning
Donald Trump
Douglas P. Mulholland
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Ellen E. McCarthy
Executive Secretary of the United States Department of State
Foreign Service Institute
George H. W. Bush
George W. Bush
Gerald Ford
Harold H. Saunders
Hugh Montgomery (diplomat)
Hugh S. Cumming, Jr.
Hugh S. Cumming Jr.
Inspector General of the Department of State
J. Stapleton Roy
Jimmy Carter
Joe Biden
John F. Kennedy
Kin W. Moy
Legal Adviser of the Department of State
Lisa D. Kenna
Lyndon B. Johnson
Morton I. Abramowitz
Office of Foreign Missions
Philip S. Goldberg
Phyllis E. Oakley
President of the United States
Randall M. Fort
Ray S. Cline
Richard Nixon
Roger Hilsman
Ronald I. Spiers
Ronald Reagan
Thomas Fingar
Thomas Lowe Hughes
Toby T. Gati
Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights
Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment
Under Secretary of State for Management
Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs
Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs
United States Ambassador-at-Large for Global Women's Issues
United States Ambassador-at-Large for War Crimes Issues
United States Ambassador-at-Large to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons
United States Assistant Secretary of State
United States Department of State
United States Deputy Secretary of State
United States Global AIDS Coordinator
United States Secretary of State
William G. Bowdler
William G. Hyland