1788–1789 United States presidential election
1792 United States presidential election
1796 United States presidential election
1800 United States presidential election
1804 United States presidential election
1808 United States presidential election
1812 United States presidential election
1816 United States presidential election
1820 United States presidential election
1824 United States presidential election
1828 United States presidential election
1832 United States presidential election
1836 United States presidential election
1840 United States presidential election
1844 United States presidential election
1848 United States presidential election
1852 United States presidential election
1856 United States presidential election
1860 United States presidential election
1864 United States presidential election
1868 United States presidential election
1872 United States presidential election
1876 United States presidential election
1880 United States presidential election
1884 United States presidential election
1888 United States presidential election
1892 United States presidential election
1896 United States presidential election
1900 United States presidential election
1904 United States presidential election
1908 United States presidential election
1912 United States presidential election
1916 United States presidential election
1920 United States presidential election
1924 United States presidential election
1928 United States presidential election
1932 United States presidential election
1936 United States presidential election
1940 United States presidential election
1944 United States presidential election
1948 United States presidential election
1952 United States presidential election
1956 United States presidential election
1960 United States presidential election
1964 United States presidential election
1968 United States presidential election
1972 United States presidential election
1976 United States presidential election
1980 United States presidential election
1984 United States presidential election
1988 United States presidential election
1992 United States presidential election
1996 United States presidential election
1st United States Congress
2000 United States presidential election
2004 United States presidential election
2008 United States presidential election
2012 United States presidential election
2016 United States presidential election
2020 United States presidential election
2024 United States presidential election
Aaron Burr
Abraham Lincoln
Acting President of the United States
Adlai Stevenson I
Al Gore
Alben W. Barkley
Alexander Hamilton
American National Biography
American Political Thought
American politics
Ancestral background of presidents of the United States
Andrew Jackson
Andrew Johnson
Associated Press
Barack Obama
Benjamin Harrison
Bill Clinton
Calvin Coolidge
Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies
Charles Curtis
Charles G. Dawes
Charles W. Fairbanks
Chester A. Arthur
Civil War History
Clinical Infectious Diseases
Commander-in-chief
Congressional Research Service
Current History
Dan Quayle
Daniel D. Tompkins
Death in office
Democrat and Chronicle
Democratic-Republican Party
Democratic Party (United States)
Designated survivor
Dick Cheney
Divided government in the United States
Doi (identifier)
Donald Trump
Dwight D. Eisenhower
Elbridge Gerry
Electoral alliance
Executive (government)
Federal government of the United States
Federalist Party
First family of the United States
First presidency of Donald Trump
Founding Fathers of the United States
Franklin D. Roosevelt
Franklin Pierce
Garret Hobart
George Clinton (vice president)
George H. W. Bush
George M. Dallas
George W. Bush
George Washington
Gerald Ford
Governor-General of the Philippines
Governor (United States)
Governor of California
Governor of Colorado
Governor of Georgia
Governor of Hawaii
Governor of Illinois
Governor of Indiana
Governor of Kentucky
Governor of Louisiana
Governor of Maine
Governor of Maryland
Governor of Massachusetts
Governor of Michigan
Governor of Minnesota
Governor of Mississippi
Governor of New Hampshire
Governor of New Jersey
Governor of New Mexico
Governor of New York
Governor of North Carolina
Governor of North Dakota
Governor of Oklahoma
Governor of Oregon
Governor of Puerto Rico
Governor of Rhode Island
Governor of South Carolina
Governor of South Dakota
Governor of Tennessee
Governor of Texas
Governor of Vermont
Governor of Virginia
Governor of Wisconsin
Grover Cleveland
Hannibal Hamlin
Harry S. Truman
Head of government
Head of state
Heights of presidents and presidential candidates of the United States
Henry A. Wallace
Henry Wilson
Herbert Hoover
High Commissioner of the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands
High Commissioner to the Philippines
Historical rankings of presidents of the United States
Hofstra Law Review
Hubert Humphrey
ISBN (identifier)
ISSN (identifier)
Impeachment process against Richard Nixon
Inauguration of Joe Biden
Independent politician
Indirectly elected
JD Vance
JSTOR (identifier)
James A. Garfield
James Buchanan
James K. Polk
James Madison
James Monroe
James S. Sherman
Jimmy Carter
Joe Biden
John Adams
John C. Breckinridge
John C. Calhoun
John F. Kennedy
John Nance Garner
John Quincy Adams
John Tyler
Kamala Harris
Kent State University Press
LCCN (identifier)
Levi P. Morton
Library of Congress
List of African-American United States presidential and vice presidential candidates
List of Democratic-Republican Party presidential tickets
List of Federalist Party presidential tickets
List of Green Party of the United States presidential tickets
List of Oval Office desks
List of U.S. counties named after presidents of the United States
List of U.S. military vessels named after presidents
List of U.S. presidential campaign slogans
List of United States Democratic Party presidential tickets
List of United States Libertarian Party presidential tickets
List of United States National Republican and Whig Party presidential tickets
List of United States Republican Party presidential tickets
List of United States federal executive orders
List of United States major third-party and independent presidential tickets
List of United States presidential assassination attempts and plots
List of United States presidential candidates
List of United States presidential candidates by number of primary votes received
List of United States presidential candidates by number of votes received
List of United States presidential elections by Electoral College margin
List of United States presidential elections by popular vote margin
List of United States presidential elections in which the winner lost the popular vote
List of United States presidential firsts
List of United States presidential vetoes
List of actors who have played the president of the United States
List of autobiographies by presidents of the United States
List of bibliographies of presidents of the United States
List of buildings and monuments honoring presidents of the United States in other countries
List of burial places of presidents and vice presidents of the United States
List of children of presidents of the United States
List of children of vice presidents of the United States
List of colonial governors of Cuba
List of current United States governors
List of educational institutions named after presidents of the United States
List of efforts to impeach presidents of the United States
List of efforts to impeach vice presidents of the United States
List of female United States presidential and vice presidential candidates
List of first ladies of the United States
List of former presidents of the United States who ran for office
List of governors of Alabama
List of governors of Alaska
List of governors of American Samoa
List of governors of Arizona
List of governors of Arkansas
List of governors of California
List of governors of Connecticut
List of governors of Dakota Territory
List of governors of Delaware
List of governors of Florida
List of governors of Georgia
List of governors of Guam
List of governors of Hawaii
List of governors of Idaho
List of governors of Illinois
List of governors of Indiana
List of governors of Iowa
List of governors of Kansas
List of governors of Kentucky
List of governors of Louisiana
List of governors of Maine
List of governors of Maryland
List of governors of Michigan
List of governors of Minnesota
List of governors of Mississippi
List of governors of Missouri
List of governors of Montana
List of governors of Nebraska
List of governors of Nevada
List of governors of New Hampshire
List of governors of New Jersey
List of governors of New Mexico
List of governors of New York
List of governors of North Carolina
List of governors of North Dakota
List of governors of Ohio
List of governors of Oklahoma
List of governors of Oregon
List of governors of Pennsylvania
List of governors of Puerto Rico
List of governors of Rhode Island
List of governors of South Carolina
List of governors of South Dakota
List of governors of Tennessee
List of governors of Texas
List of governors of Utah
List of governors of Vermont
List of governors of Virginia
List of governors of Washington
List of governors of West Virginia
List of governors of Wisconsin
List of governors of Wyoming
List of governors of the Northern Mariana Islands
List of governors of the Panama Canal Zone
List of governors of the United States Virgin Islands
List of international trips made by presidents of the United States
List of left-handed presidents of the United States
List of major-party United States presidential candidates who lost their home state
List of mayors of Washington, D.C.
List of multilingual presidents of the United States
List of nicknames of presidents of the United States
List of official vehicles of the president of the United States
List of people pardoned or granted clemency by the president of the United States
List of people who received an electoral vote in the United States Electoral College
List of personal coats of arms of presidents of the United States
List of personal coats of arms of vice presidents of the United States
List of political parties in the United States
List of presidents of the Dominican Republic
List of presidents of the United States by age
List of presidents of the United States by date of death
List of presidents of the United States by education
List of presidents of the United States by home state
List of presidents of the United States by judicial appointments
List of presidents of the United States by military rank
List of presidents of the United States by military service
List of presidents of the United States by net worth
List of presidents of the United States by other offices held
List of presidents of the United States by previous experience
List of presidents of the United States by time in office
List of presidents of the United States involved in Scouting
List of presidents of the United States on currency
List of presidents of the United States who died in office
List of presidents of the United States who owned slaves
List of presidents of the United States who were Freemasons
List of presidents of the United States with facial hair
List of residences of presidents of the United States
List of sculptures of presidents of the United States
List of tie-breaking votes cast by the vice president of the United States
List of unsuccessful major party candidates for President of the United States
List of unsuccessful major party candidates for Vice President of the United States
List of vice presidents of the United States
List of vice presidents of the United States by age
List of vice presidents of the United States by education
List of vice presidents of the United States by home state
List of vice presidents of the United States by other offices held
List of vice presidents of the United States by time in office
List of vice presidents of the United States who owned slaves
List of vice presidents of the United States who ran for president
Lists of fictional presidents of the United States
Lyndon B. Johnson
Martin Van Buren
Mayor of the District of Columbia
Mike Pence
Millard Fillmore
Minnesota Law Review
National Republican Party
National Union Party (United States)
Nelson Rockefeller
Nullifier Party
OCLC (identifier)
OL (identifier)
Opposition (politics)
Oxford University Press
PMID (identifier)
Pakistan Institute of International Affairs
Palgrave Macmillan
Philip Abbott (academic)
Political faction
Political parties in the United States
Portraits of presidents of the United States
Presidencies of Grover Cleveland
Presidency of Abraham Lincoln
Presidency of Andrew Jackson
Presidency of Andrew Johnson
Presidency of Barack Obama
Presidency of Benjamin Harrison
Presidency of Bill Clinton
Presidency of Calvin Coolidge
Presidency of Chester A. Arthur
Presidency of Dwight D. Eisenhower
Presidency of Franklin D. Roosevelt
Presidency of Franklin Pierce
Presidency of George H. W. Bush
Presidency of George W. Bush
Presidency of George Washington
Presidency of Gerald Ford
Presidency of Harry S. Truman
Presidency of Herbert Hoover
Presidency of James A. Garfield
Presidency of James Buchanan
Presidency of James K. Polk
Presidency of James Madison
Presidency of James Monroe
Presidency of Jimmy Carter
Presidency of Joe Biden
Presidency of John Adams
Presidency of John F. Kennedy
Presidency of John Quincy Adams
Presidency of John Tyler
Presidency of Lyndon B. Johnson
Presidency of Martin Van Buren
Presidency of Millard Fillmore
Presidency of Richard Nixon
Presidency of Ronald Reagan
Presidency of Rutherford B. Hayes
Presidency of Theodore Roosevelt
Presidency of Thomas Jefferson
Presidency of Ulysses S. Grant
Presidency of Warren G. Harding
Presidency of William Henry Harrison
Presidency of William Howard Taft
Presidency of William McKinley
Presidency of Woodrow Wilson
Presidency of Zachary Taylor
President-elect of the United States
President of the Continental Congress
President of the United States
Presidential Studies Quarterly
Presidential library system
Presidential memorials in the United States
Presidents of the United States
Presidents of the United States on U.S. postage stamps
ProQuest
Religious affiliations of presidents of the United States
Religious affiliations of vice presidents of the United States
Republican Party (United States)
ResearchGate
Richard Mentor Johnson
Richard Nixon
Ronald Reagan
Rutherford B. Hayes
S2CID (identifier)
SAGE Publications
Schuyler Colfax
Second inauguration of Donald Trump
Second ladies and gentlemen of the United States
Second presidency of Donald Trump
Spiro Agnew
States' rights
Tariff of Abominations
Term of office
The Virginia Magazine of History and Biography
The Washington Times
Theodore Roosevelt
Thomas A. Hendricks
Thomas Jefferson
Thomas R. Marshall
Thomas Schaller
Timeline of the Barack Obama presidency
Timeline of the Bill Clinton presidency
Timeline of the Calvin Coolidge presidency
Timeline of the Donald Trump presidencies
Timeline of the Dwight D. Eisenhower presidency
Timeline of the Franklin D. Roosevelt presidency
Timeline of the George H. W. Bush presidency
Timeline of the George W. Bush presidency
Timeline of the George Washington presidency
Timeline of the Gerald Ford presidency
Timeline of the Harry S. Truman presidency
Timeline of the Herbert Hoover presidency
Timeline of the Jimmy Carter presidency
Timeline of the Joe Biden presidency
Timeline of the John F. Kennedy presidency
Timeline of the Lyndon B. Johnson presidency
Timeline of the Richard Nixon presidency
Timeline of the Ronald Reagan presidency
Timeline of the Theodore Roosevelt presidency
Timeline of the Warren G. Harding presidency
Timeline of the William Howard Taft presidency
Timeline of the William McKinley presidency
Timeline of the Woodrow Wilson presidency
Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution
Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution
Ulysses S. Grant
United States
United States Armed Forces
United States Electoral College
United States Senate
United States Senate Vice Presidential Bust Collection
United States presidential approval rating
United States presidential doctrines
United States presidential election
United States presidential inauguration
United States presidential line of succession
United States presidential pets
United States presidential transition
United States presidential vacations
University of California Press
University of Chicago Press
University of Illinois Press
Vice President of the United States
Virginia Historical Society
Walter Mondale
War Democrat
Warren G. Harding
Whig Party (United States)
White House
Whitehouse.gov
Wiley (publisher)
William A. Wheeler
William Henry Harrison
William Howard Taft
William McKinley
William R. King
Woodrow Wilson
Zachary Taylor