Abraham Lincoln (Lincoln Memorial)
Adams Memorial
Adams Memorial (Saint-Gaudens)
African American Civil War Memorial Museum
Albert Einstein Memorial
American Legation, Tangier
American Revolution Statuary
American Veterans Disabled for Life Memorial
Anacostia River
Architecture of Washington, D.C.
Arlington House, The Robert E. Lee Memorial
Arlington Memorial Bridge
Arlington National Cemetery
Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception
Belmont–Paul Women's Equality National Monument
Blair House
Boulder Bridge
Boundary markers of the original District of Columbia
Boy Scout Memorial
Capitol Hill
Capitol Reflecting Pool
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal
Christ Church, Washington Parish (Washington, D.C.)
Civil War Monuments in Washington, D.C.
Civil War Monuments in Washington, DC
Congressional Cemetery
Constitution Avenue
Constitution Gardens
Contributing property
DAR Constitution Hall
Daniel Webster Memorial
District of Columbia Inventory of Historic Sites
District of Columbia War Memorial
Dumbarton Bridge (Washington, D.C.)
Dupont Circle
Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial
East Corner Boundary Marker of the Original District of Columbia
East Potomac Park
Emancipation Memorial
Equestrian statue of Andrew Jackson (Washington, D.C.)
Equestrian statue of George B. McClellan
Exorcist steps
Farragut Square
First Air Mail Marker
First Division Monument
Ford's Theatre
Fort Circle Parks
Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial
Frederick Douglass National Historic Site
Freedman's Bank Building
Freedom Plaza
Gallaudet Memorial
George Gordon Meade Memorial
George Mason Memorial
George Washington Memorial Building
Gold Star Mothers National Monument
Healy Hall
Hillwood Estate, Museum & Gardens
Historic Preservation Fund
Historic district
Historic districts in the United States
History of Washington, D.C.
History of the National Register of Historic Places
Holodomor Genocide Memorial, Washington, DC
Islamic Center of Washington
James A. Garfield Monument
James Buchanan Memorial
James Madison Memorial Building
Japanese American Memorial to Patriotism During World War II
Jefferson Memorial
Jefferson Pier
John Adams Building
John Ericsson Memorial
John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts
John F. Kennedy Eternal Flame
John J. Pershing General of the Armies
John Paul Jones Memorial
Kahlil Gibran Memorial Garden (Washington, D.C.)
Keeper of the Register
Key Bridge (Washington, D.C.)
Korean War Veterans Memorial
L'Enfant Plaza
Lafayette Square, Washington, D.C.
Library of Congress
Lincoln Memorial
Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool
List of National Historic Landmarks in Washington, D.C.
List of National Historic Landmarks in the District of Columbia
List of U.S. National Historic Landmarks by state
List of artworks commemorating African Americans in Washington, D.C.
List of jails and prisons on the National Register of Historic Places
List of public art in Washington, D.C.
Lyndon Baines Johnson Memorial Grove on the Potomac
Mammy memorial
Marine Corps War Memorial
Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial
Mary McLeod Bethune Memorial
Massachusetts Avenue (Washington, D.C.)
Memorial to the 56 Signers of the Declaration of Independence
Meridian Hill Park
Mount Vernon
Mount Vernon Square
National Archives Building
National Building Museum
National Capital Memorial Advisory Commission
National Capitol Columns
National Desert Storm and Desert Shield Memorial
National Gallery of Art
National Historic Landmarks
National Historic Preservation Act
National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial
National Liberty Memorial
National Mall
National Mall and Memorial Parks
National Park Service
National Register of Historic Places
National Register of Historic Places architectural style categories
National Register of Historic Places listings in Alabama
National Register of Historic Places listings in Alaska
National Register of Historic Places listings in American Samoa
National Register of Historic Places listings in Arizona
National Register of Historic Places listings in Arkansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in California
National Register of Historic Places listings in Colorado
National Register of Historic Places listings in Connecticut
National Register of Historic Places listings in Delaware
National Register of Historic Places listings in Florida
National Register of Historic Places listings in Georgia
National Register of Historic Places listings in Guam
National Register of Historic Places listings in Hawaii
National Register of Historic Places listings in Idaho
National Register of Historic Places listings in Illinois
National Register of Historic Places listings in Indiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Iowa
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kansas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Kentucky
National Register of Historic Places listings in Louisiana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Maine
National Register of Historic Places listings in Maryland
National Register of Historic Places listings in Massachusetts
National Register of Historic Places listings in Michigan
National Register of Historic Places listings in Minnesota
National Register of Historic Places listings in Mississippi
National Register of Historic Places listings in Missouri
National Register of Historic Places listings in Montana
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nebraska
National Register of Historic Places listings in Nevada
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Hampshire
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Jersey
National Register of Historic Places listings in New Mexico
National Register of Historic Places listings in New York
National Register of Historic Places listings in North Carolina
National Register of Historic Places listings in North Dakota
National Register of Historic Places listings in Northeast Quadrant, Washington, D.C.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Ohio
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oklahoma
National Register of Historic Places listings in Oregon
National Register of Historic Places listings in Palau
National Register of Historic Places listings in Pennsylvania
National Register of Historic Places listings in Puerto Rico
National Register of Historic Places listings in Rhode Island
National Register of Historic Places listings in South Carolina
National Register of Historic Places listings in South Dakota
National Register of Historic Places listings in Southeast Quadrant, Washington, D.C.
National Register of Historic Places listings in Tennessee
National Register of Historic Places listings in Texas
National Register of Historic Places listings in Utah
National Register of Historic Places listings in Vermont
National Register of Historic Places listings in Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in Washington state
National Register of Historic Places listings in West Virginia
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wisconsin
National Register of Historic Places listings in Wyoming
National Register of Historic Places listings in central Washington, D.C.
National Register of Historic Places listings in the Federated States of Micronesia
National Register of Historic Places listings in the Marshall Islands
National Register of Historic Places listings in the Northern Mariana Islands
National Register of Historic Places listings in the United States Minor Outlying Islands
National Register of Historic Places listings in the United States Virgin Islands
National Register of Historic Places listings in the upper NW Quadrant of Washington, D.C.
National Register of Historic Places listings in western Washington, D.C.
National Register of Historic Places property types
National Slave Memorial
National Statuary Hall Collection
National World War II Memorial
National World War I Memorial (Washington, D.C.)
Navy – Merchant Marine Memorial
Netherlands Carillon
Nuns of the Battlefield
Old Post Office (Washington, D.C.)
Old Stone House (Washington, D.C.)
Oscar Straus Memorial
Outdoor sculpture in Washington, D.C.
Peace Corps Commemorative
Peace Monument
Peirce Mill
Pennsylvania Avenue
Pentagon Memorial
Peter Muhlenberg Memorial
Petersen House
Potomac River
President's Park
President Lincoln's Cottage at the Soldiers' Home
Quadrants of Washington, D.C.
Rainbow Pool
Robert A. Taft Memorial
Rock Creek Park
Rock Creek and Potomac Parkway
Ross Drive Bridge
Samuel Gompers Memorial
Second Division Memorial
Smithsonian Institution
Southwest (Washington, D.C.)
St. John's Episcopal Church, Lafayette Square
Statue of David Farragut (Washington, D.C.)
Statue of John Carroll
Statue of the Comte de Rochambeau
Statue of the Marquis de Lafayette (Washington, D.C.)
Statues of the Liberators
Taras Shevchenko Memorial
The Arts of War and The Arts of Peace
The Ellipse
The Extra Mile
The Octagon House
The Pentagon
Theodore Roosevelt Island
Thomas Jefferson Building
Three Soldiers (statue)
Tidal Basin
Timeline of Washington, D.C.
Titanic Memorial (Washington, D.C.)
Tomb of the Unknown Soldier (Arlington National Cemetery)
Treasury Building (Washington, D.C.)
Tudor Place
Ulysses S. Grant Memorial
Union Square (Washington, D.C.)
United States Air Force Memorial
United States Botanic Garden
United States Capitol
United States Capitol dome
United States Capitol rotunda
United States Department of the Interior
United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
United States National Arboretum
United States Navy Memorial
United States Supreme Court Building
University and college buildings listed on the National Register of Historic Places
Victims of Communism Memorial
Vietnam Veterans Memorial
Vietnam Women's Memorial
Washington, D.C.
Washington Monument
Washington National Cathedral
Washington Union Station
Watergate complex
West Potomac Park
White House
Willard InterContinental Washington
Women in Military Service for America Memorial
Zero Milestone